@comment $OpenBSD$
%%sdl%%
@extraunexec rm /var/games/angband/*/* 2>/dev/null || true
@mode g+s
@group games
@bin bin/angband
@mode
share/angband/
share/angband/file/
share/angband/file/crown.txt
share/angband/file/dead.txt
share/angband/file/news.txt
share/angband/help/
share/angband/help/attack.txt
share/angband/help/birth.txt
share/angband/help/command.txt
share/angband/help/debug.txt
share/angband/help/dungeon.txt
share/angband/help/general.txt
share/angband/help/help.hlp
share/angband/help/option.txt
share/angband/help/playing.txt
share/angband/help/readme.txt
share/angband/help/version.txt
share/angband/info/
share/angband/info/readme.txt
share/angband/xtra/
share/angband/xtra/icon/
share/angband/xtra/icon/att-128.png
share/angband/xtra/icon/att-16.png
share/angband/xtra/icon/att-256.png
share/angband/xtra/icon/att-32.png
share/angband/xtra/icon/att-512.png
share/applications/angband-x11.desktop
share/examples/angband/
share/examples/angband/etc/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/artifact.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/artifact.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/ego_item.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/ego_item.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/flavor.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/flavor.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/hints.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/hints.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/limits.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/limits.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/monster.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/monster.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/monster_base.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/monster_base.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/names.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/names.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/object.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/object.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/object_base.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/object_base.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/p_class.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/p_class.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/p_hist.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/p_hist.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/p_race.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/p_race.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/pain.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/pain.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/pit.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/pit.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/shop_own.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/shop_own.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/spell.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/spell.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/store.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/store.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/terrain.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/terrain.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/edit/vault.txt
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/edit/vault.txt
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/flvr-dvg.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/flvr-dvg.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/flvr-new.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/flvr-new.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/flvr-nmd.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/flvr-nmd.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/flvr-shb.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/flvr-shb.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/flvr-xxx.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/flvr-xxx.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/font-gcu.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/font-gcu.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/font-mac.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/font-mac.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/font-win.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/font-win.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/font-x11.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/font-x11.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/font-xxx.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/font-xxx.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/font.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/font.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/graf-dvg.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/graf-dvg.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/graf-new.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/graf-new.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/graf-nmd.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/graf-nmd.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/graf-shb.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/graf-shb.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/graf-xxx.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/graf-xxx.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/graf.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/graf.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/message.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/message.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/pref.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/pref.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/user.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/user.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/xtra-dvg.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/xtra-dvg.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/xtra-new.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/xtra-new.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/xtra-nmd.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/xtra-nmd.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/xtra-shb.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/xtra-shb.prf
share/examples/angband/etc/pref/xtra-xxx.prf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/angband/pref/xtra-xxx.prf
@mode 775
@sample /var/games/angband/
@sample /var/games/angband/apex/
@sample /var/games/angband/save/
@sample /var/games/angband/user/
@mode
@group
@exec %D/bin/update-desktop-database
@unexec-delete %D/bin/update-desktop-database
